# Final-Year-Project
For my CS final year project, I built a Multi-vendor Ecommerce website that facilitates online transactions of goods and services through the transfer of information and funds via the Internet.
The developed software is an online retail store that facilitates online transactions of goods and services through the transfer of information and funds via the Internet.
The system is multilingual (supports Turkish and English) and multicurrency (ruble, kwacha, dollar), to enable users to make purchases from different regions.
The functionality of the application that supports the work of the seller is still under development, since it becomes possible to make a sale only when the user sends a request to the administrator, and the administrator gives permission. The seller can sell goods only using the functions of the system administrator.
Search functions (including auto-filling using AJAX and JQuery technologies), sorting, generating a menu of subcategories in the category tree, authorizing and registering a new user are fully implemented in the developed application.
In the process of creating the system, in accordance with the assignment, the following diagrams were developed: BPMN business process diagram, use case model, conceptual domain model, activity diagrams, relational data model, interface state diagram, interface forms, component diagram and deployment diagram.
For this graduate thesis, the system was developed using the Django framework, a Python web framework that promotes rapid development and clean, pragmatic design. On the client side, a template was used as it helps reduce workload and saves time.
